[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Who are we?
What are we?
What do we think of
ourselves that we are?
I think most people think of
themselves as being solid.
That's pretty much what you
notice in your daily life.
You're sitting in a
car and, of course,
you're the solid meat bag.
We have heard, though,
that we're not just solid.
So how does that all work?
Behind the facade of this meat
bag, there's mainly water.
We kind of know that.
But we don't feel it.
On a molecular basis, I
have learned even over 99%.
But that's not where it all
starts because we're actually
over 99% space.
Some people claim
it's empty space.
There's nothing behind it.
That's not the reality.
You all know that.
Otherwise, you wouldn't
perceive yourself.
We are a consciousness.
We're energy.
So this so-called empty
space is filled with energy.
So at core, we're all
energy and frequency.
That's one of the most
fundamental things
to actually understand.
And it is a reflection
of the current times
because we come out
of this so-called Kali
Yuga, the Dark Age.
Maybe not really dark, but
it's all about the physical,
the material we forget and
we have forgotten who we are,
why we're here.
And as humanity, we're
going through a big shift
right now, a big
consciousness shift
to remember that we are
energy and frequency.
So if we are energy
and frequency,
couldn't we then also help
ourselves on that level?
We're trained to
take our vitamin C
pills or other supplements,
do physical exercise
and all of that.
But what if we could also
help us energetically?
Not saying to stop doing
all the things that help us
on a physical
level, but if we're
energy and frequency
at core, shouldn't we
be paying attention to
that and really nourish
that huge part of us,
which is way bigger
than just the material
that we show, that we see,
that we can touch?
So Dr. David Hawkins many, many
years ago wrote a book called
"Power Versus Force," where he
set up a consciousness scale
from 0 to 1,000, with
the low vibrational,
low consciousness states being
anger, shame, guilt, fear.
We kind of all know that.
If we're in these
states, we even
start to get angry
with ourselves.
And that's kind of what we're
inviting into our lives,
because we're vibrating
at a low level,
and that's what we
get into our lives.
We have heard maybe before
what you think you become, what
you think you are.
So if we think in terms of fear
and anger and guilt and shame,
that's what we are.
That's how we feel.
So then on his
consciousness scale,
if you move up the
ladder, it'll go to 500,
that's the unconditional love.
Then moving to 540, that's joy.
And then it moves into
the enlightenment zone,
which is quite a big zone.
So what if we raised our
consciousness in a way
where we start going away from
these low vibrational fields
so we can start inviting new
things into our lives, more
wonderful things,
and at the same time,
also help not only our
energetic well-being,
but really our
physical well-being.
And so the most fun part
actually about what we're doing
is not the technology
itself, it's
actually witnessing when
that happens to an individual
where there is either a medical
breakthrough, because there's
something on a physical level
that happens where you wonder,
oh, my God, this is
almost like a miracle.
I didn't expect this to
happen, yet it happened.
Or someone that thought, well,
all this energy crap, that's
not-- it doesn't exist for me.
It doesn't exist.
I need to see something
with my own eyes.
I need to touch something,
and then I believe it.
That person completely forgot
that at core, this very person
is energy and frequency.
So what if now this
person sees something
happening in his
her own life that
is maybe life-changing,
that's very profound.
But it happened
through just energy?
That's an amazing
point because that's
a crossroad where someone
wakes up to the fact
that there's more than
just the physical facade.
And I was there.
I can tell you that.
I married a wife who was
born with the ability
to see our own energy fields.
So she never lost this
conscious connection.
That's amazing because you have
skills, you can see energies.
It's just so natural.
But I would say 99.5%
of the people at least
forgot all of that.
Like me, I didn't
believe in anything.
I couldn't touch.
I couldn't see.
I actually was very unhappy
in my lifelong time ago.
And at that time, I
realized I discredited
the intuition in others.
And that was because
I discredited
the intuition in myself.
I didn't even allow my intuition
to play any role in my life.
That was the moment
where I said, OK, I
need to make changes.
I started to do yoga,
meditation, breathwork,
starting reading about these
things, got trained in past life
regression work in shamanic
and energy healing practices.
I was actually doing
that in parallel
to a quite successful
business career.
Some of you may know
that I used to be a vice
president at T-Mobile
running 14 countries,
was a board member at a
multi-billion dollar company.
Yeah, I could play that
role, very well, actually.
I can be very rational,
very maturely oriented.
That was not me, though.
That was a role I played.
And I realized at some
point, I'm way more than just
this role.
And then this vision came up.
So what if we could tap into
this source energy in a way
where we can uplift
our own consciousness
on a constant basis?
And what can we actually do?
Yeah, we can do
meditation, we can do yoga,
we can do Tai Chi,
all these things,
these are great,
because they all
lift our consciousness level.
After a session of
Tai Chi or yoga,
you usually always feel
better than before.
And why is that?
Because you are at
balance with yourself.
You're not in the yesterday and
in the tomorrow and all of that.
So if we can tap into this
by doing these exercises
or by using technology that's
now out there, that leverages
natural, pure quantum
energy, you can actually
lift your consciousness
level and actually
way faster than
Dr. David Hawkins
20 or 30 years ago was
foreseeing, way, way faster.
And with that, you can have
amazing, profound changes
on the physical, because if
the energetic system gets
in really great state and is
expanded and very connected
to the source, you
can improve your blood
in a very significant way.
You have suddenly cells that
work in an excellent way
where you can see even
scientifically proven
with placebo-controlled
studies to see
in 85% to 100% acceleration
in wound healing.
You can see the heart rate
variability optimized, and so
much more.
You put water under
such technology
and you see its structure, you
can inform it with frequencies.
If you take a vitamin
C pill, it goes
through the digestive tract.
And in the end of the
day, what happens?
The information of the vitamin C
ends up in the core of the cell.
It's not the physical substance.
So if we're at core
energy and frequency,
we can also leverage
frequency medicine
to take in information that
can bring systems that are
out of balance into balance.
Thank you very much
for your attention,
and connect with yourself.
Thank you.
[AUDIO LOGO]